# deribit-backtester-ws-server

takes websocket messages sent from graybot-app-public

sends back .json files for parsing by graybot-app-public into SQL tables (eventually)

Copyright
The works of authorship contained in this website, including but not limited to all designs, texts and images, are owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Graham James Lim (“the author”), and may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without the prior written consent of the author.
No Recommendation or Advice
None of the information contained here constitutes an offer (or solicitation of an offer) to buy or sell any currency, product or financial instrument, to make any investment, or to participate in any particular trading strategy.
The author does not take into account of your personal investment objectives, specific investment goals, specific needs or financial situation and makes no representation and assumes no liability to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided here. The information and publications are not intended to be and do not constitute financial advice, investment advice, trading advice or any other advice or recommendation of any sort offered or endorsed by the author. The author also does not warrant that such information and publications are accurate, up to date or applicable to the circumstances of any particular case.
Any expression of opinion (which may be subject to change without notice) is personal to the author and the author makes no guarantee of any sort regarding accuracy or completeness of any information or analysis supplied.
The author is not responsible for any loss arising from any investment based on any perceived recommendation, forecast or any other information contained here. The contents of these publications should not be construed as an express or implied promise, guarantee or implication by the author that clients will profit or that losses in connection therewith can or will be limited, from reliance on any information set out here.
The information expressed herein is current and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation, nor does it constitute any prediction of likely future stock performance. Investment involves risk. The price of investment instruments can and do fluctuate, and any individual instrument may experience upward or downward movements, and under certain circumstances may even become valueless. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. In preparing this information, we did not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any person or affiliated companies. Before making an investment decision, you should speak to a financial adviser to consider whether this information is appropriate to your needs, objectives and circumstances. The author assumes no fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences financial or otherwise arising from trading in securities if opinions and information in this document may be relied upon.
This transmission is not a digital or electronic signature and cannot be used to form, document, or authenticate a contract. The author and accepts no liability arising in connection with this transmission.
Trading risks are magnified by leverage – losses can exceed your deposits. Trade only after you have acknowledged and accepted the risks. You should carefully consider whether trading in leveraged products is appropriate for you based on your financial circumstances and seek independent consultation.
No Endorsement of Third Party Services
Reference to any third party information (including information provided by a third party or accessible through any linked site), product, process, or services at this website or any linked site is not an express or implied endorsement by the author of the same.
